Update builder.md (#422)
ldtteam/MinecoloniesWiki: source/workers/builder.md

The Builder is the **MOST** important worker in your colony. As long as you provide the Builder with all the resources they ask for, they will build and upgrade all of your town buildings, workers' huts, decorations, and your personal schematics.

## Building A Hut/Schematic
**Before you build *any* building, you need to build the Builder's Hut. If the Builder’s Hut isn't built, the Builder cannot build any other building.**

> Buildings are constructed after the hut block/schematic is placed using the Building Tool, and the green check mark clicked. If it is a hut, you must right-click on the structure block, click Build Options, and then click Build. Only then will a build request be created (indicated in chat). An available builder will accept the request (also noted in chat), and head off to clear the land and start building. They will stop building if they run out of materials, and will head back to their hut and request more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Buildings are constructed after the hut block/schematic is placed using the Building Tool and the green checkmark clicked. If it is a hut, you must right-click on the hut block, click Build Options, and then click Build. Only then will a build request be created (indicated in chat). An available builder will accept the request (also noted in chat), and head off to clear the land and start building. They will stop building if they run out of materials and will then head back to their hut and request more.
```

## Notes
- The Builder will not start another build assignment until they have finished the current one.
- The Builder can *ONLY* upgrade other huts to the level of their Builder’s Hut. Upgrade the Builder’s Hut to further upgrade other buildings.

> -You can rearrange priority and cancel the build requests in the Town Hall, under Work Orders (“!” symbol).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- You can rearrange the priority and cancel the build requests in the <a href="../../source/buildings/townhall">Town Hall</a> GUI under the Work Orders symbol (!).
```

> -the Builder will collect any blocks they remove and deposit them in any inventories available in their hut. Items are never lost/destroyed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The Builder will collect any blocks they remove and deposit them in their hut inventory and any <a href="../../source/items/rack">racks</a>/chests in their hut. Items are never lost or destroyed.
```

If you see the Builder has not finished building/upgrading any build order and they aren't asking for any materials, go to the Builder’s Hut and recall the Builder and wait a bit to see what they need. You can also go to page 2 of the Builder’s Hut GUI and check the list of materials required. Any material in the list that is missing will be in red.

> If a Build Request is created but no Builder starts building, the building may be out of their range. Break and replace the structure block, and in Build Options manually assign a Builder (top-right).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a Build Request is created but no Builder starts building, the building may be out of their range. Cancel the build order, then go to Build Options of the hut you want to be built and manually assign a Builder (top right).
```
